there's a big issue probably in
other places in the world but we
feel it a lot here in the states
that funding for arts education
is always under stress and that
school boards are wondering do
we cut the art do we keep the
science and there's tension we
know this and I brought it up
with David Byrne and he had
strong views on that as well
let's check it out in order to
really succeed in whatever math
and the sciences and engineering
I said you have to be able to
think outside of the box and you
have to be creative problem
solving in the the way those
disciplines are taught is not
big totally creative the
creative thinking on at all not
at all it's more like this is
this this is this this is this
the creative thinking is in the
arts a certain amount of arts
education doesn't mean that your
your ambition is to grow up to
be a painter but you can use
that kind of thinking and apply
it to anything else business
engineering and be better at it
and you better at that you
succeed more and you bring more
to the world because you have
these abilities that came from
outside of your discipline so
bringing different worlds
together has definite tangible
benefits in to kind of cut one
or separate them is to injure
them and and cripple them you
know I I basically agree with
everything he said in these
interviews I mean I just
he is he's a deep thinker he's
creative
he's educated and so his
thoughts or to put together in
ways that really resonated with
me when I think of culture what
I think I think if you visit
other countries and then they
show you what it is that makes
them them and not you and in
almost every case you do this
you are looking at their art
you're looking at their
architecture you are looking at
aspects of their civilization
that has been empowered
by science and engineering and
so for anyone to say let us cut
art for anything else
suppose they did that back in
Renaissance Europe what would
what would your be without the
support and interest in a
thriving culture of art as we
readily spend money to visit the
city's and go to their museums
to turn around and say now going
to cut the art budget here that
makes no sense to me and it may
be that science and art which we
know sort of go together the
Arts and Sciences our colleges
of institutions it may be that
art and science thought of in
that way are the only true
things that we create that lasts
beyond ourselves everything else
comes and goes the leaders the
politics the economy's so am I
biased i don't know what I do
know is if there is a country
without art that's not a country
I want to live in there is a
country without science you're
living in a cave we measure the
success of a civilization by how
much by how well they treat
their creative people